>> ♪ YOU TAKE THE MOON
AND YOU TAKE THE SUN ♪
♪ YOU TAKE EVERYTHING THAT
SEEMS LIKE FUN ♪
♪ YOU STIR IT ALL UP
♪ AND WHEN YOU'RE DONE
♪ WAH‐DA, WAH‐DA, WAH‐DA, WAH‐DA
WAH‐DOH WAH‐DOH ♪
♪ SO, COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
♪ COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
YEAH!
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> [ SLURPING ]
YOUNG LADY, YOUR SPARKLE‐SPACKLE
PUDDING IS A CULINARY TRIUMPH!
>> Panini: YES, I KNOW,
I MADE THEM MYSELF,
>> WELL, MY, AREN'T YOU
PROFESSIONAL!
>> Panini: MOVE ALONG!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATRONAGE,
ALWAYS A PLEASURE,
OH, HI, CHOWDER,
>> Chowder: I'M NOT YOUR
BOYFRIEND!
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING, PANINI?
>> Panini: WELL, BECAUSE I'M
DOING SO WELL IN THE KITCHEN,
MISS ENDIVE THOUGHT IT WAS TIME
FOR ME TO SPREAD MY WINGS,
>> Chowder: YOU HAVE WINGS?
>> Panini: OH, YOU'RE SO CUTE,
NUM‐NUMS,
NO, WHAT I MEAN IS, SHE LET ME
COOK A DISH ALL ON MY OWN,
>> Panini: ON YOUR OWN?
MUNG NEVER LETS ME DO ANYTHING
ON MY OWN,
CAN I TRY ONE?
>> Panini: NO!
BUT YOU CAN BUY ONE,
I'M SELLING THEM FOR ONE DOLLOP
EACH,
OF COURSE, FOR YOU THERE'S A
SPECIAL BOYFRIEND DISCOUNT,
>> Chowder: THAT'S OKAY,
HERE'S ONE DOLLOP,
I DIDN'T DO THAT!
>> Mung Daal: OKAY, SHNITZEL,
ALL WE NEED TO FINISH OUR
HOUSE‐OF‐CARDS SOUFFLÉ IS ‐‐
AH, YES, ONE GIANT,
SUPER‐DESTRUCTIVE WAWA‐MELON,
THANK YOU, CHOWDER,
>> Chowder: GUESS WHAT, MUNG?
I THINK I'M READY TO COOK
SOMETHING ON MY OWN!
>> Mung Daal: UM, I DON'T KNOW,
CHOWDER,
YOU MIGHT WANT TO GET A FEW MORE
YEARS UNDER YOUR BELT,
>> Chowder: THERE'S NO ROOM!
PLEASE?
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, I JUST
DON'T THINK YOU'RE READY YET,
>> Chowder: PLEASE?
>> Mung Daal: NO, CHOWDER,
>> Mung Daal: NO,
>> Chowder: PLE‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E,,,
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER?
>> Chowder: E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E,,,
>> Mung Daal: REALLY NOW, YOU
CAN'T KEEP THAT UP FOREVER,
>> Chowder: YES, I CAN,
E‐E‐E‐E,,,
>> Mung Daal: YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO CHANGE MY MIND,
>> Chowder: BUT MISS ENDIVE LET
PANINI DO IT,
>> Mung Daal: ENDIVE!
IF THAT BATTLE‐AX THINKS HER
APPRENTICE IS READY, THEN I'M
SURE MY APPRENTICE IS MORE THAN
READY,
CHOWDER, GET READY TO COOK!
>> Chowder: WHOO‐HOO!
E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E,,,
>> Mung Daal: YOU CAN STOP NOW,
>> Chowder: WISH I COULD, BUT
I'M STUCK,
E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E‐E,,,
>> Mung Daal: NOW LET'S JUST
FIND YOU A NICE, EASY RECIPE,
>> Chowder: I LIKE THIS ONE!
>> Mung Daal: HMM,,,
HOW ABOUT THIS INSTEAD ‐‐ PICKLE
IN A CUP?
>> Chowder: BUT THAT'S TOO EASY,
MY CHEF WINGS WON'T SOAR,
>> Mung Daal: OY, YOU'RE KILLING
ME, KID,
>> Chowder: WHAT WAS THE FIRST
RECIPE YOU EVER MADE?
>> Mung Daal: PICKLE IN A CUP!
>> Chowder: OKAY, WELL, AFTER
THAT,
>> Mung Daal: WELL, I MADE
BURPLE NURPLES, BUT I THINK
THAT'S A LITTLE TOO ADVANCED,
>> Chowder: I WANT TO MAKE
BURPLE NURPLES!
BURPLE NURPLES! BURPLE NURPLES!
>> WHO ARE YOU?
>> Chowder: OKAY, GENTLY CRACK
ONE SNEGG,
THAT WAS EASY,
>> Mung Daal: UM, CHOWDER ‐‐
>> Chowder: I GOT IT,
NEXT, ADD A CUP OF SUGAR,
>> Mung Daal: TO THE BOWL,
CHOWDER,
>> Chowder: BLECCH!
NOW INTRODUCE TWO STICKS OF
BUTTER,
MR, BUTTER, MEET MRS, BUTTER,
>> Mung Daal: UH, CHOWDER ‐‐
>> Chowder: I KNOW WHAT I'M
DOING, MUNG,
GEEZ LOUISE!
HMM,,,BORING!
BORING,
BORING,,,BORING, BORING, BORING,
OOH!
ADD LOTS OF SNORE‐IANDER!
HEY, THAT'S A NAME,
>> Mung Daal: NOW, CHOWDER, BE
SURE YOU GRAB THE RIGHT ONE,
>> Chowder: MUNG, I CAN DO IT,
YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE IN ME,
>> Mung Daal: POISON?
>> Chowder: I'M JUST MAKING
BURPLE NURPLES,
WHAT ARE YOU SO WORRIED ABOUT?
>> Mung Daal: IT'S JUST THAT ‐‐
>> Chowder: IT'S JUST WHAT?
>> Mung Daal: IT'S JUST, JUST ‐‐
>> Chowder: WHAT?!
>> Mung Daal: BUT, BUT ‐‐
>> Chowder: [ CRYING ]
W‐WHY WON'T YOU TRUST ME AS A
CHEF, MUNG?
[ TIMER RINGS ]
NURPLES ARE DONE!
[ ALL GROANING ]
BETTER TRY ONE,
>> [ GASPS ]
>> Chowder: MUNG, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING?
>> Mung Daal: I JUST WANT YOU
TO, UH, SAVE AS MANY AS YOU CAN
FOR THE CUSTOMERS,
I MEAN, THEY LOOK SO GOOD,,, SO
NOT DEADLY POISONOUS,
>> Chowder: OH, OKAY,
>> Mung Daal: OH, GOLLY, WHY DID
I EVEN PUT THAT POISON IN THE
SPICE CABINET IN THE FIRST
PLACE?
>> [ GROWLS ]
>> Mung Daal: OH, YEAH, THAT'S
WHY,
>> Chowder: BURPLE NURPLES!
BURPLE NURPLES!
>> Mung Daal: OH, WHAT DO WE
HAVE?
>> Chowder: BURPLE NURPLES!
MADE THEM MYSELF,
>> Mung Daal: I'LL TAKE THEM
ALL,
TAKE THEM ALL, TAKE THEM ALL,
>> Chowder: THAT'LL BE 50
DOLLOPS,
>> Mung Daal: WHY ARE THEY SO
EXPENSIVE?
WELL, I'VE ONLY GOT 45,
>> Chowder: OKAY,
THROW IN A COUPLE FOR FREE,
>> Mung Daal: HOW GENEROUS!
NOW GIVE ME ALL THOSE NURPLES,
SEE YOU,
>> Chowder: WAIT, GOOD SIR,
DON'T YOU WANT TO TASTE THEM?
>> Mung Daal: UH,,,YOU KNOW, I
AM A NURPLE CONNOISSEUR, AND I
CAN TELL JUST BY LOOKING AT THEM
THAT THESE ARE THE
FINEST‐QUALITY NURPLES I WILL
EVER TASTE IN MY LIFE,
GOOD WORK, LAD,
>> Chowder: OH, WOW!
A REAL NURPLE CONNOISSEUR!
YOU HAVE TO TASTE THEM,
YOU HAVE TO RATE MY NURPLES,
>> [ GROANING ]
YOU,,, WILL,,, DIE!
>> Chowder: COME ON, THEN,
COME ON,
>> DIE!
>> Chowder: [ GIGGLES ]
>> YOU,,,
>> Mung Daal: HMM,,, OKAY,
I'M EATING IT, SEE?
MMM,,,THAT'S "DELISH,"
CAN'T WAIT TO GO HOME AND EAT
THE REST,
>> Chowder: I'M GLAD YOU LIKE
THEM,
NOW I'LL HAVE AN EASY TIME
SELLING THE OTHER FIVE DOZEN!
>> Mung Daal: WOMAN, I NEED ALL
THE CASH WE GOT RIGHT NOW!
DON'T ASK QUESTIONS!
>> Truffles: I HAVE ONE ‐‐
>> Mung Daal: YES, IT'S CHOWDER
RELATED,
>> Truffles: OKAY,
>> WHAT IS THIS, A CHILDISH,
CHILD‐SIZE FOOD STAND?
>> Chowder: OH, HEY, GORGONZOLA,
I'M SELLING BURPLE NURPLES THAT
I MADE MYSELF, LIKE A REAL CHEF,
>> WHAT?
YOU THINK YOU'RE BETTER THAN ME?
>> Chowder: LISTEN,
I'VE GOT A LOT OF CUSTOMERS
WAITING,
>> LET THEM WAIT,
I HAVE TO BUY ONE JUST TO PROVE
HOW DISGUSTING THEY TRULY ARE,
>> Chowder: OKAY, THAT WILL BE 5
DOLLOPS,
>> BOY, THAT'S A LOT OF MONEY,
THEY BETTER BE DISGUSTING,
>> Mung Daal: DON'T EAT THAT
NURPLE!
>> WHY, OLD MAN?
>> Mung Daal: BECAUSE,,,BECAUSE
IT IS CALLING OUT TO ME,
I NEED THAT EXACT NURPLE,
>> UH,,,
>> Mung Daal: HERE, HERE, I'LL
GIVE YOU 10 DOLLOPS,
>> 100 DOLLOPS,
>> Mung Daal: WHAT IS IT WITH
YOU KIDS?
I'LL GIVE YOU 20,
>> 200 DOLLOPS,
>> Mung Daal: 50,
>> 300 DOLLOPS,
>> Mung Daal: OH, MY GOLLY!
75,
>> 350,
>> Mung Daal: 80,
>> 360,
>> Mung Daal: 85!
>> Chowder: 800,000!
>> Mung Daal: STAY OUT OF THIS!
85!
>> 400 DOLLOPS,
>> Mung Daal: FOUR HUN‐‐ OKAY,
FINE,
400 DOLLOPS,
NOW GIVE ME THAT NURPLE,
>> I THINK I MIGHT NEED ANOTHER
NURPLE,
HERE'S 5 DOLLOPS,
>> Mung Daal: 10 DOLLOPS,
>> 600 DOLLOPS,
>> Mung Daal: OH, I AM SO
TEMPTED TO LET YOU EAT THAT
NURPLE!
>> Chowder: THANK YOU!
COME AGAIN!
>> Mung Daal: WELL, IT COST
EVERY SMENT I HAD, BUT AT LEAST
I GOT ALL ‐‐
>> Chowder: BURPLE NURPLES!
GET YOUR FRESH, HOT BURPLE
NURPLES!
>> Mung Daal: OH, DARN MY SOCKS!
SHNITZEL, I NEED ALL THE MONEY
YOU GOT RIGHT AWAY,
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA?
>> Mung Daal: YOU DON'T HAVE ANY
MONEY?
HONEY, YOU GOT TO PAY SHNITZEL,
HURRY!
>> Truffles: ARE YOU CRAZY?
I GAVE YOU ALL THE MONEY WE HAD
ALREADY!
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA?
>> Mung Daal: YES, IT'S CHOWDER
RELATED,
>> Chowder: BURPLE NURPLES!
>> Mung Daal: OH, I SIMPLY LOVE
BURPLE NURPLES!
CAN'T YOU GIVE A FREE SAMPLE TO
A PRETTY LADY?
>> Chowder: SURE,
DO YOU KNOW ONE?
>> Mung Daal: CAN'T GIVE A FREE
SAMPLE TO AN UGLY LADY?
>> Chowder: NO, UGLY LADIES HAVE
TO PAY,
HEY, UGLY, YOU OWE ME 300
DOLLOPS!
>> RUN, MUNG, RUN,
RUN LIKE THE WIND,
[ FLIES BUZZING ]
>> Mung Daal: [ PANTING ]
I GOT TO DISPOSE OF THESE
NURPLES!
>> Chowder: STOP, THIEF!
>> Mung Daal: YES!
I'LL FLUSH THEM!
>> MMM,,,I LOVE BURPLE NURPLES,
>> Mung Daal: AAH!
DON'T EAT THOSE, OR YOU WILL
DIE!
BETTER KEEP LOOKING,
>> Chowder: 300 DOLLOPS,
OH, GOOD, A BATHROOM,
[ UNZIPS ]
>> I LOVE BURPLE NURPLES!
>> Chowder: AAAHHHH!
>> Mung Daal: [ PANTING ]
HUH? THE CITY LIMIT,
>> OOH, YUM,
>> Mung Daal: HOLY SWISS CHEESE!
>> I LOVE BURPLE NURPLES!
>> Chowder: 300 DOLLOPS!
>> 300 DOLLOPS?
THAT'S OUTRAGEOUS,
>> Mung Daal: WHOA!
>> Chowder: 300 DOLLOPS!
>> Both: AAHHH!
>> Mung Daal: MOUNT FONDOOM,
I KNOW WHAT I'M GONNA DO,
THE NURPLES MUST GO INTO THE
FIRE,
AAAAHHHHH!
>> Chowder: AAAHHHH!
[ PANTING ]
FAT KID RUNNING,
AAAHHHH!
>> Mung Daal: AAHHH!
>> Chowder: [ GASPS ]
>> Mung Daal: I'm sorry,
>> Chowder: NOOO!!
HEY, WHERE'D THAT UGLY THIEF
LADY GO?
>> Mung Daal: OH, CHOWDER, THAT
UGLY LADY WAS ME,
YOU SEE, THERE IS AN UGLY LADY
INSIDE US ALL,
AND SOMETIMES THAT UGLY LADY
MAKES US DO THINGS WE'RE NOT
PROUD OF,
BUT I'M PROUD OF YOU BECAUSE YOU
PROVED THAT EVERYTHING I
BELIEVED ABOUT YOU WAS RIGHT,
>> Chowder: WOW!
SO WHY'D YOU THROW THE NURPLES
INTO THE VOLCANO?
>> Mung Daal: OH, BECAUSE OF THE
POISON,
>> Chowder: THE WHAT?
>> Mung Daal: OH, NEVER MIND,
LET'S JUST GO HOME,
SO IT SEEMS I'M GONNA BE
STRAPPED FOR CASH IN THE NEXT
MONTH,
THINK YOU CAN FLOAT ME?
>> Chowder: NO,
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA,
>> Mung Daal: IS IT FIVESDAY
ALREADY?
>> Chowder: WHY DOES SHNITZEL
ALWAYS GET SO HAPPY ON FIVESDAY?
IS IT THE DAY HE MAKES A POO?
>> Mung Daal: NO!
FIVESDAY IS PAYDAY,
YOU SEE, CHOWDER, AS MY
APPRENTICE, YOU WORK TO GAIN
KNOWLEDGE,
>> Chowder: KNOWLEDGE!
>> Mung Daal: BUT GROWN‐UPS,
LIKE SHNITZEL, WORK FOR MONEY,
EACH WEEK HE GETS A PAYCHECK,
>> Chowder: WHAT DOES HE DO WITH
THE CHECK?
>> Shnitzel: [ SNIFFS ]
AH,,, RADA, RADA!
OH, OH, OH,,, OH!
OH,
>> Truffles: KNOCK IT OFF!
>> Mung Daal: WELL, LIKE MOST
GROWN‐UPS, HE DEPOSITS IT IN A
BANK,
>> Shnitzel: RA‐RADA, RADA!
>> Chowder: I'VE NEVER BEEN TO
THE BANK,
DO THEY HAVE SNACKS THERE?
>> Mung Daal: YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU SHOULD GO WITH SHNITZEL,
>> Shnitzel: HUH?
>> Chowder: YOU SURE SHNITZEL
WON'T MIND?
>> Mung Daal: NOT AT ALL!
NOW GO GET YOUR WIGGY BANK,
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA,
RADA, RADA!
>> Mung Daal: HOW MUCH YOU GOT
IN THERE?
>> Chowder: [ COUGHS ]
>> Mung Daal: PERFECT!
YOU CAN START A SAVINGS ACCOUNT,
IT'S NEVER TOO EARLY,
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA,
RADA!
>> Mung Daal: NO, IT'S NOT TOO
EARLY,
HAVE FUN, YOU TWO!
OH, HONEY?
YOUR LOVE MUFFIN NEEDS SOME
KISSY‐KISSY,
>> Chowder: SHNITZEL SAID I
COULD HAVE THIS COOKIE IF I
STAYED HERE,
>> Mung Daal: OH, HE DID, DID
HE?
>> Chowder: MUNG SAID I COULD
HAVE THIS PIE IF I WENT WITH
YOU,
>> Shnitzel: [ Grumbling ] RADA,
RADA,,,
>> Chowder: WHOA!
IT SMELLS LIKE FLOOR WAX IN
HERE,
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA,
>> Chowder: OKAY, OKAY, I WON'T
TOUCH ANYTHING,
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA?
>> Chowder: WELL, I CAN'T FOLLOW
YOU, 'CAUSE THEN I'D BE TOUCHING
THE FLOOR, AND YOU SAID ‐‐
>> Shnitzel: RADA,
RADA, RADA, RADA!
>> Chowder: SO I CAN TOUCH THE
FLOOR?
YOU NEED TO MAKE UP YOUR MIND,
>> WELCOME,
WOULD YOU CARE FOR A FREE
LOLLIPOP?
>> Chowder: WOULD I?!
>> WOULD YOU?
>> Chowder: WOULD I?
>> Chowder: WOULD I WHAT?
>> CARE FOR A FREE LOLLIPOP?
>> Chowder: WOULD I?!
>> WOULD YOU?
>> Chowder: WOULD I?
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA!
>> Chowder: YES, I WOULD, THANK
YOU,
[ SLURPING ]
[ RINGS ]
>> HOW MAY I HELP YOU, SONNY?
>> Shnitzel: AH, RADA, RADA,
>> OKEYDOKE,
WE'LL GET YOU TAKEN CARE OF,
[ GROANS ]
OKEYDOKE, SONNY,
I'M GONNA NEED YOU TO SIGN THE
BACK OF THIS CHECK,
THERE'S A PEN OVER ON THE
COUNTER YONDER,
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA,
>> Chowder: HOLD OUR PLACE IN
LINE?
OKAY, I'M GOOD AT HOLDING,
[ INHALES ]
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA,
RAAAA!
[ BIRD CUCKOOS ]
[ TICKING ]
>> NEXT,
>> Shnitzel: HUH?
>> YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY, HUH,
LETTING YOUR KID DO THIS TO ME,
JUST BECAUSE I HAVE A TIE‐SHAPED
GROWTH ON MY NECK?
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA, RADA,
>> I WILL TEACH YOU TO MAKE FUN
OF MY DEFORMITY,
GUARD! GUARD!
>> WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
>> THIS MAN MADE ME FEEL
UNCOMFORTABLE,
>> YOU SICK MONSTER!
>> Shnitzel: RADA?
>> COME ON,
IT'S THE TIME‐OUT BOOTH FOR YOU,
>> Shnitzel: RADA! RADA, RADA!
OH, RADA!
>> YOU, TOO, KID,
>> Chowder: LAST NIGHT I DREAMED
I WAS A BOTTLE OF KETCHUP, AND
YOU WERE MUSTARD, WHICH IS
WEIRD, 'CAUSE USUALLY YOU'RE
MAYONNAISE IN MY DREAMS,
WHY DO YOU SUPPOSE THAT IS?
BOY, LINE'S GETTING LONG,
[ BIRD CUCKOOS ]
[ TICKING ]
>> [ GIGGLES ]
OH, I THOUGHT I'D NEVER GET UP
HERE,
WELL, I'LL MAKE THIS FAST,
I JUST NEED TO DEPOSIT 200
DOLLOPS,,,
[ GIGGLES ]
,,,IN CHANGE!
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA!
>> OKEYDOKE,
LET'S SEE HERE,
1,,, 2,,, 3,,, 4,,,
5,,, 6,,, 7,,, 8,,,
9,,, 10,,, 11,,, 12,,,
13,,, 14,,, 15,,, 16,,,
17,,, 18,,, 19,,, 20,,,
>> Chowder: I CAN COUNT GOOD,
TOO, SHNITZEL!
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,,,
>> ,,, 7,,, 8,,, 9,,,
OH, FIDDLESTICKS!
>> [ SQUEALS ]
1,,, 2,,,
>> Shnitzel: RADA!
RADA, RADA, RADA, RADA!
>> Chowder: NO MORE COUNTING,
RIGHT,
>> ,,, 5,,, 6,,,
>> Chowder: A, B, C, D, E, F,
G,,,
>> ,,, H,,, I,,, J,,,
OH, FIDDLESTICKS,
>> [ SQUEALS ]
1,,, 2,,, 3,,,
>> Shnitzel: OH!
>> ,,, 189,,, 190,,,
>> Chowder: YOU'RE A GOOD
COUNTER,
>> THANK YOU, SONNY,
192,,,
>> Chowder: HOW HIGH CAN YOU
COUNT?
>> OH, I DON'T KNOW ‐‐ PRETTY
HIGH,
>> Chowder: I CAN ONLY COUNT TO
42,
WHAT COMES AFTER 42?
>> 43,,,
>> Chowder: AND AFTER THAT?
>> 44,,,
>> 45,,,
>> Chowder: AND AFTER THAT?
>> 46,,,
>> Chowder: WOW!
HOW'D YOU GET SO GOOD?
>> WELL, I STILL PRACTICE, I
GUESS,
>> Chowder: I'LL KEEP
PRACTICING, TOO,
THANKS, MISTER!
>> WHAT A NICE BOY,
,,, 49,,,
>> Shnitzel: OH, RADA!
>> FIDDLESTICKS,
>> Shnitzel: OH, NO!
>> Chowder: HE'S A GOOD COUNTER,
SHNITZEL,
WHY ARE YOU CRYING?
>> Shnitzel: [ CRYING ]
OH, RADA,
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
>> ,,, 195,,, 196,,,
197,,,
198,,,
199,,,
[ GASPS ]
>> Shnitzel: HUH?
>> OH, DEAR,
HELP, HELP!
>> DON'T WORRY, MA'AM,
WE'RE PROFESSIONALS,
HMM,
>> [ GROANS ]
>> NOT TO WORRY,
THIS MAN SIMPLY RAN OUT OF
STEAM,
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY STEAM ON
THEM?
ANYONE?
NO STEAM, HUH?
THEN WE BETTER GET THIS MAN TO A
SAUNA IMMEDIATELY,
>> MA'AM, IF YOU'LL COME WITH
ME, WE'LL FINISH YOUR DEPOSIT,
>> OH, [GIGGLES] THAT SOUNDS
WONDERFUL,
>> Shnitzel: RADA?
RADA!
RADA, RADA, RADA, RADA!
RADA, RADA!
RADA!
RADA, RADA, RADA, RADA, RADA!
RADA, RADA, RADA, RADA!
RADA, RADA ‐‐
>> NEXT!
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA!
SIR, YOU'RE NEXT!
>> Chowder: SHNITZEL, IT'S YOUR
TURN!
GO ON, THEN,
GO ON!
>> Shnitzel: RADA?
>> I'D BE HAPPY TO TAKE YOUR
DEPOSIT, SIR,
>> NOBODY MOVE!
THIS IS A ROBBERY,
STAY DOWN AND NO ONE GETS HURT,
>> OH, NO!
HE'S GOT A PLUNGER,
>> DON'T TRY NO FUNNY STUFF,
I AIN'T AFRAID TO USE THIS
THING,
HEY! HEY, BUDDY!
DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME?
I'M NOT MESSING AROUND HERE,
I'LL PLUNGE YOU GOOD!
[ GASPS ]
>> Shnitzel: RADA, RADA,
[ ALL CHEERING ]
>> Chowder: SHNITZEL!
HEY, SHNITZEL, WAIT!
I DIDN'T GET TO DEPOSIT MY
MONEY,
>> Chowder: THIS IS A BIG ORDER
OF SLAW, MUNG,
>> Mung Daal: BIG MUNG SLAW,
>> Chowder: BIG MUNG SLAW,
>> Mung Daal: THESE CHOWBOYS
TAKE THEIR SLAW VERY SERIOUSLY,
>> Chowder: VERY SERIOUSLY,
>> Mung Daal: VERY IMPORTANT
THAT WE GET IT JUST RIGHT,
>> Chowder: GET IT JUST RIGHT!
>> Mung Daal: TO COOK THIS DISH,
WE MUST THINK LIKE A CHOWBOY,
ACT LIKE A CHOWBOY,
>> Chowder: SMELL LIKE A
CHOWBOY,
>> Mung Daal: NO, WE DON'T HAVE
TO ‐‐
>> Chowder: SING LIKE A CHOWBOY!
>> Mung Daal: SING LIKE A ‐‐
>> Chowder: GO SCUBA DIVING LIKE
A CHOWBOY,
>> Mung Daal: KNOCK IT OFF,
>> Chowder: KNOCK IT OFF LIKE A
CHOWBOY!
>> Mung Daal: YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE MISSING,,,
>> Chowder: IF YOU AREN'T IN THE
KITCHEN,